[Add] Guide to Python wheels (#23203)
openvinotoolkit/openvino: src/bindings/python/wheel/guide-to-wheels.rst

This section will guide you through the usage of Python wheels in OpenVINO™.

What are Python Wheels?
########################
Python wheels are binary distribution formats that aim to make the installation of Python packages faster and more reliable.
In the case of OpenVINO™, wheels are particularly useful for quick and hassle-free deployment. You can find OpenVINO™ Python distribution on PyPI: `OpenVINO on PyPI. <https://pypi.org/project/openvino/#files>`__

Available Wheels in OpenVINO™
++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++
OpenVINO™ offers two main wheels:
  
`openvino <https://github.com/openvinotoolkit/openvino/tree/master/src/bindings/python/wheel/setup.py>`__: Core Python bindings for OpenVINO.

`openvino-dev <https://github.com/openvinotoolkit/openvino/blob/master/tools/openvino_dev/setup.py>`__: Additional development tools and utilities.

Building Python Wheels
#######################
To build Python wheels during the project build process, make sure to include the following options when running the cmake command:
  1. bash
  2. Copy code
  3. cmake -DENABLE_PYTHON=ON -DENABLE_WHEEL=ON ..

> This ensures that the build process includes the Python components and generates the necessary wheel files.

Reviewer: I would also add info about additional effects of this building pratice:
* That wheels regeneration might need require to delete `wheels` folder before running `make` command again.
* After getting new wheels it is required to reinstall them, i.e. running `pip uninstall openvino` and `pip install wheels/openvino[...]` as effects won't be visible instantly.

Locating Python Wheels
#######################

> After building the project, you can find the generated Python wheels under the **openvino_install_dir/tools** directory.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After building the project, you can find the generated Python wheels under the **openvino/build/wheels/** directory.
```
I think this is the easiest way to locate them after building the project and this way should be advised.

This is the default location where the wheels are stored for easy access.

Development with Python Wheels
###############################
When using OpenVINO™ Python wheels, there are some differences in the development workflow compared to setting the PYTHONPATH to OpenVINO directories.

Python Environment Setup
+++++++++++++++++++++++++
Ensure that you have the necessary Python wheels installed in your environment:
  1. bash
  2. Copy code
  3. pip install openvino
  4. pip install openvino-dev

> Workflow Differences

Reviewer: I would also include the case when both pip and PYTHONPATH is set together. This results in conflicts which can be describe in this guide.
